documents virtual (#21860)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual_experimental.md

The `.sendable` pragma itself is an experimenal, unchecked, unsafe annotation. It is
currently only used by `Isolated[T]`.

Virtual pragma
----------------

> The `virtual` is designed to extend or create virtual functions when targeting the cpp backend. When a procedure is marked with virtual, it forward declares the function implementation within the type's body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`virtual` is designed to extend or create virtual functions when targeting the cpp backend. When a proc is marked with virtual, it forward declares the proc header within the type's body.
```

Here's an example of how to use the virtual pragma:

```nim

> proc newCpp*[T](): ptr T {.importcpp:"new '*0()".}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc newCpp*[T](): ptr T {.importcpp: "new '*0()".}
```

type 
  Foo = object of RootObj
  FooPtr = ptr Foo
  Boo = object of Foo
  BooPtr = ptr Boo

> proc salute(self:FooPtr) {.virtual.} = 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc salute(self: FooPtr) {.virtual.} = 
```

  echo "hello foo"

> proc salute(self:BooPtr) {.virtual.} =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc salute(self: BooPtr) {.virtual.} =
```

  echo "hello boo"

let foo = newCpp[Foo]()
let boo = newCpp[Boo]()
let booAsFoo = cast[FooPtr](newCpp[Boo]())

> foo.salute() #prints hello foo
> boo.salute() #prints hello boo
> booAsFoo.salute() ##prints hello boo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
foo.salute() # prints hello foo
boo.salute() # prints hello boo
booAsFoo.salute() # prints hello boo
```

```

> In this example, we've marked the salute function as virtual in both Foo and Boo types. This allows for polymorphism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `salute` function is virtual in both Foo and Boo types. This allows for polymorphism.
```

The virtual pragma also supports a special syntax to express Cpp constraints. Here's how it works:

`$1` refers to the function name
`'idx` refers to the type of the argument at the position idx. Where idx = 1 is the `this` argument.
`#idx` refers to the argument name.

The return type can be referred to as `-> '0`, but this is optional and often not needed.

 ```nim
 {.emit:"""/*TYPESECTION*/
#include <iostream>
  class CppPrinter {
  public:
    
    virtual void printConst(char* message) const {
        std::cout << "Const Message: " << message << std::endl;
    }
    virtual void printConstRef(char* message, const int& flag) const {
        std::cout << "Const Ref Message: " << message << std::endl;
    }  
};
""".}

type
  CppPrinter {.importcpp, inheritable.} = object
  NimPrinter {.exportc.} = object of CppPrinter

> proc printConst(self:CppPrinter, message:cstring) {.importcpp.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc printConst(self: CppPrinter; message:cstring) {.importcpp.}
```

CppPrinter().printConst(message)

> #notice override is optional. 
> #Will make the cpp compiler to fail if not virtual function with the same signature if found in the base type
> proc printConst(self:NimPrinter, message:cstring) {.virtual:"$1('2 #2) const override".} =
>   echo "NimPrinter: " & $message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# override is optional. 
proc printConst(self: NimPrinter; message: cstring) {.virtual: "$1('2 #2) const override".} =
  echo "NimPrinter: " & $message
```

> proc printConstRef(self:NimPrinter, message:cstring, flag:int32) {.virtual:"$1('2 #2, const '3& #3 ) const override".} =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc printConstRef(self: NimPrinter; message: cstring; flag:int32) {.virtual: "$1('2 #2, const '3& #3 ) const override".} =
```

  echo "NimPrinterConstRef: " & $message

NimPrinter().printConst(message)

> var val : int32 = 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var val: int32 = 10
```
